JOEY, WOULD YOU SLOW DOWN?
THEY'RE NOT GOING
TO BE SOLD OUT OF PAPERS
AT 1:00 IN THE MORNING.
I'M EXCITED.
I'VE NEVER
GOTTEN REVIEWED BEFORE.
YOU WERE SO AMAZING AS THE KING.
I'M REALLY IMPRESSED. I WAS.
ALTHOUGH
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU MIGHT WANT TO CONSIDER
WEARING UNDERWEAR NEXT TIME.
YEAH, 'CAUSE WHEN YOU
SAT DOWN ON YOUR THRONE,
YOU COULD KIND OF SEE
YOUR... ROYAL SUBJECTS.
HERE IT IS, HERE IT IS!
"THE ONLY THING WORSE
"THAN THE MINDLESS,
ADOLESCENT DIRECTION
"IS JOSEPH TRIBBIANI'S
DISTURBINGLY UNSKILLED
PORTRAYAL OF THE KING."
OKAY, LOOK, THAT
IS ONE GUY'S OPINION.
ALL RIGHT?
PHEEBS, READ YOURS.
"THE ONLY THING WORSE
THAN THE MINDLESS,
ADOLESCENT DIRECTION..."
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ONE
FROM A DIFFERENT PAPER?
ROSS, READ YOURS.
I DON'T WANT TO.
JOEY, HONEY, THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT.
MAYBE THEY DO.
I'VE BEEN DOING THIS TEN YEARS
AND I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANYWHERE.
THERE'S GOT TO BE A REASON.
COME ON, MAN,
YOU'RE JUST PAYING YOUR DUES.
NO, NO. IT'S TOO HARD.
IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
I QUIT.
( PROTESTING )
WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT ONE MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I BELIEVE THIS WILL
CHANGE YOUR MIND.
"IN A MEDIOCRE PLAY,
JOSEPH TRIBBIANI
"WAS ABLE TO ACHIEVE
BRILLIANT NEW LEVELS OF...
"CONTINUED ON 153.
...SUCKING."
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU ♪
♪ LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WHEN I WAS LITTLE,
I WANTED TO BE A VETERINARIAN,
BUT THEN I FOUND OUT
YOU HAVE TO PUT
YOUR HANDS INTO COWS
AND STUFF.
HI.
Joey:
HEY.
Phoebe:
ARE-ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, YEAH,
JUST A TOUGH DAY AT WORK.
A STEGOSAURUS FELL OVER
AND TRAPPED A KID.
I KNOW THIS JACKET.
THIS IS
FUN BOBBY'S JACKET.
WHERE IS HE? WHAT?
HE'S HERE, ISN'T HE?
MAYBE.
DON'T TOY WITH ME.
GELLER!
FUN BOBBY!
HEY! WHOA, YOU BEEN
WORKING OUT, HUH?
NOT AT ALL.
I LOVE THIS GUY.
HEY, I WAS SO PSYCHED TO HEAR
YOU'RE BACK WITH MY SISTER.
YOU AND ME BOTH.
SO WHAT DID I MISS?
COME ON.
WE WERE TRYING TO
MAKE JOEY FEEL BETTER.
HEY, DO YOU NEED ME
TO PICK YOU UP?
NO, I'M ALL RIGHT, MAN, REALLY.
NO, I'M PICKING YOU UP.
HEY, NO, SERIOUSLY,
I DON'T NEED YOU TO...
ALL RIGHT! IT STILL WORKS.
OKAY. NOW, BEFORE I GO,
DOES ANYBODY ELSE NEED
TO BE PICKED UP?
I'M STILL GOING TO GO.
OKAY, I'LL SEE
YOU LATER, BABE.
PUBLIC DISPLAY OF AFFECTION
COMING UP.
YOU CAN AVERT YOUR EYES.
SEE YA.
Group:
BYE.
FUN BOBBY IS SO GREAT.
OH, ISN'T HE?
I REALLY THINK THIS TIME
IT MAY WORK WITH HIM.
HE MAKES ME FEEL SO GOOD
AND I'VE BEEN
FEELING SO LOUSY
THE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS--
NO JOB, NO BOYFRIEND.
AT LEAST MY CUP
IS HALF FULL.
HALF FULL OF LOVE.
AND FOR OUR TWO-WEEK ANNIVERSARY
HE'S GOING TO TAKE ME
TO HIS COUSIN'S CABIN
FOR THE WEEKEND.
CABIN OF LOVE.
WE WENT THROUGH
A LOT OF WINE TONIGHT, YOU GUYS.
I ONLY HAD TWO GLASSES.
I JUST HAD A GLASS.
TWO.
I HAD ONE GLASS.
I HAD ABOUT A MUGFUL
IN THIS LOVELY
"I GOT BONED AT THE MUSEUM
OF NATURAL HISTORY" MUG.
OKAY, SO THAT'S...
THAT'S, WHAT, TWO BOTTLES
AND YET, SOMEHOW WE
WENT THROUGH FIVE?
OH.
OOH.
SO WHAT?
SO HE DRANK A LOT TONIGHT.
YEAH, BUT NOW THAT I
THINK ABOUT IT, I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER SEEN FUN BOBBY
WITHOUT A DRINK IN HIS HAND.
YEAH, AND OOH, YEAH, YOU KNOW,
DID YOU NOTICE HOW HE ALWAYS
STARTS HIS STORIES WITH,
"OKAY, I WAS SO WASTED"
OR, "WE WERE SO BOMBED,"
OR, "SO I WAKE UP
AND I'M IN THIS DUMPSTER
IN CONNECTICUT."
MONICA, HAVE YOU EVER BEEN WITH
HIM WHEN HE WASN'T DRINKING?
WELL, WE JUST HAPPEN
TO GO TO A LOT OF PLACES
WHERE YOU MIGHT DRINK.
I MEAN, HOW DO YOU GO TO A WINE
TASTING WITHOUT HAVING A DRINK?
OR TO A CLUB, OR TO THE... ZOO?
RACH, DOES THIS
HAVE NON-FAT MILK?
UM...
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY DON'T YOU TASTE IT?
MMM. NO.
OH, WELL, TOO LATE. SORRY.
YOU ALREADY HAD SOME.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE MAKE THESE COFFEES IRISH?
( Phoebe clearing throat )
UM...
CAKE!
YEAH, WE'RE GOING
TO GET SOME CAKE.
YOU KNOW, IT SEEMS LIKE
YOU'VE BEEN MAKING
AN AWFUL LOT
OF STUFF "IRISH" LATELY.
WELL, I WOULD MAKE THEM
BELGIAN, BUT THE WAFFLES
ARE HARD TO GET
INTO THAT FLASK.
BOBBY.
YEAH, OKAY.
LOOK, MAYBE THIS
IS NONE OF MY BUSINESS
OR MAYBE IT IS,
I DON'T KNOW
BUT, UM, I'M KIND
OF WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
OKAY, LOOK, THIS ISN'T
THE FIRST TIME SOMEBODY'S
SAID SOMETHING
TO ME ABOUT THIS
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
I ALWAYS MADE
EXCUSES ABOUT IT
LIKE "I'M JUST
A SOCIAL DRINKER."
OR "HEY, COME ON,
IT'S FLAG DAY."
SO, WHAT
ARE YOU SAYING NOW?
I GUESS I'M SAYING
I'LL TRY AND QUIT.
I KIND OF LIKE THAT
YOU WORRY ABOUT ME.
SO, WHAT'S GOING ON, HUH?
I AM GOING TO TRY
AND QUIT DRINKING.
OH, WHY?
HEY.
GUESS WHO'S BACK
IN SHOW BUSINESS?
OOH! OOH! LORNE GREENE?
NO. NO, PHEEBS.
YOU KNOW WHY? 'CAUSE HE'S DEAD.
OH, NO.
OKAY, I GUESS IT'S GOING
TO SEEM KIND OF BITTERSWEET NOW
BUT JOEY, THAT'S WHO.
OH! REALLY?
MY AGENT JUST CALLED ME WITH AN
AUDITION FOR DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
KICK ASS!
WE HAVE TO CELEBRATE.
YOU KNOW WHAT WE SHOULD DO?
WE SHOULD DO
LIKE A SOAP OPERA THEME.
HEY, YEAH.
WE COULD ALL SLEEP TOGETHER,
AND THEN ONE OF US
COULD GET AMNESIA.
HEY, RACH, WHAT TIME
DO YOU GET OFF?
WE'RE ALL GOING
TO DO SOMETHING TONIGHT.
UM, WELL, ACTUALLY,
I'M ALREADY DONE
BUT I'VE KIND
OF GOT PLANS.
( gasping )
YOU HAVE OTHER FRIENDS?
YEAH. I, UH, I
HAVE... I HAVE A DATE.
WHAT?
WITH A MAN?
WHAT IS SO STRANGE
ABOUT ME HAVING A DATE?
WHAT ABOUT ROSS?
ARE YOU STILL MAD AT HIM 'CAUSE
HE MADE THAT LIST ABOUT YOU?
NO, NO, I'M NOT MAD AT HIM.
I'M NOT REALLY
ANYTHING AT HIM ANYMORE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I... WHATEVER I WAS FEELING,
I'M... NOT.
BUT YOU GUYS
CAME SO CLOSE.
OH, I KNOW.
I'M SORRY, YOU GUYS.
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO HAVE
TO GET USED TO THE FACT
THAT I WILL NOT BE DATING ROSS.
HERE HE IS. HI.
GUYS, THIS IS RUSS.
HI.
NO, I'M NOT SAYING
YOU'RE NOT TALENTED.
YOU'RE VERY TALENTED.
IT'S JUST THAT
WITH THE BIRD DEAD AND ALL
THERE'S VERY LITTLE ACT LEFT.
OH, HONEY,
GIVE ME A BREAK, WILL YOU--
OH. I'LL TALK
TO YOU LATER.
WELL, THERE'S
MY FAVORITE CLIENT.
SO, TELL ME, DARLING,
HOW WAS THE AUDITION?
I THINK IT WENT
PRETTY WELL.
I GOT A CALLBACK FOR THURSDAY.
JOEY, HAVE YOU
EVER SEEN ME ECSTATIC?
NO.
WELL, HERE IT IS.
OKAY.
LISTEN, THERE'S SOMETHING
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
THE NETWORK CASTING LADY...
OH, ISN'T LORI A DOLL?
YEAH YEAH, SHE'S GREAT
BUT I KIND OF GOT THE FEELING
THAT SHE WAS SORT
OF COMING ONTO ME
AND I DEFINITELY
WOULD GET THE PART
IF I WOULD HAVE, YOU KNOW...
IF I WOULD HAVE SENT
THE LITTLE GENERAL IN.
OH.
I SEE.
WELL, I'M JUST GOING
TO PUT IN A CALL HERE
AND WE'LL FIND OUT
WHAT'S GOING ON
AND STRAIGHTEN IT OUT.
YEAH, HI.
LORI, PLEASE.
HI, DARLING.
SO, HOW ABOUT JOEY TRIBBIANI
FOR THE PART OF THE CAB DRIVER?
ISN'T HE TERRIFIC?
UH-HUH.
OKAY, DOLL,
I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER.
YEAH, YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO SLEEP WITH HER.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
FUN BOBBY.
WHAT, ISN'T HE SOBER?
HE'S SOBER, ALL RIGHT.
JUST TURNS OUT THAT
FUN BOBBY WAS FUN
FOR A REASON.
OH. OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, HERE
YOU GO, SWEETIE.
THANKS.
YOU WANT TO HEAR
SOMETHING FUNNY?
OH, GOD, YES.
THERE ARE NO HARDWARE STORES
OPEN PAST MIDNIGHT
IN THE VILLAGE.
THAT IS FUNNY.
I NEEDED TO BUY
A HAMMER THE OTHER NIGHT
AND I'M OUT WALKING
AROUND THE NEIGHBORHOOD
BUT APPARENTLY,
THERE ARE NO HARDWARE STORES
OPEN PAST MIDNIGHT
IN THE VILLAGE.
SAY, HONEY, DON'T YOU HAVE
TO BE AT YOUR INTERVIEW NOW?
OH, YEAH.
SEE YOU GUYS.
BYE...
RIDICULOUSLY
DULL BOBBY.
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
NOT THAT BAD?
DID YOU NOT HEAR
THE HAMMER STORY?
OKAY, OKAY.
DON'T GET ALL SQUINKY.
MAYBE IT WAS THE KIND OF STORY
WHERE YOU HAD TO BE THERE.
BUT I'M GOING TO BE THERE,
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
I CAN'T BREAK UP WITH HIM.
I'M THE ONE WHO
MADE HIM QUIT DRINKING.
HE'S DULL BECAUSE OF ME.
DON'T SAY THAT.
HE'S PROBABLY ALWAYS BEEN DULL.
YOU JUST, YOU KNOW, SET IT FREE.
HI.
HEY, ROSS. BAH!
HI, RUSS. I'VE JUST GOT
TWO MORE TABLES TO CLEAN AND
THEN WE'LL GO, OKAY?
OKAY. I'LL JUST SIT HERE
AND CHAT WITH YOUR, UH,
FRIEND TYPE PEOPLE.
RACHEL.
YEAH. HI.
YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING, RIGHT?
WAITRESSING?
WELL, YEAH, BUT NO.
I MEAN, UM, OKAY.
DOESN'T RUSS JUST
REMIND YOU OF SOMEONE?
HUH.
BOB SAGET?
OH, YEAH.
NO, NO, NO. OH, OH.
HI.
OH, MY, OH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
OKAY.
SHE'S JUST UPSET BECAUSE SHE
BUTTERED A SPIDER INTO HER
TOAST THIS MORNING.
ALL RIGHT.
LISTEN, PHEEBS, THIS
IS GOING TO BE OKAY.
ROSS, RUSS. RUSS, ROSS.
HI.
ARE YOU A, UH,
FRIEND OF RACHEL'S?
YES. YES, I AM.
ARE YOU A, UH,
A FRIEND OF RACHEL'S?
ACTUALLY, I'M,
UH, KIND OF, UH
YOU KNOW, UH...
A DATE TYPE THING OF RACHEL'S.
A DATE?
YEAH.
I'M HER DATE.
OH. OH, YOU'RE, UH...
OH, YOU'RE THE DATE?
THIS IS
ACTUALLY GOOD
BECAUSE IF WE
EVER LOSE ROSS,
WE HAVE A SPARE.
OH, YOU ARE THE, UH,
PALEONTOLOGIST.
YES. YES, I AM.
AND YOU ARE A...
PERIODONTIST.
SEE, THEY'RE AS DIFFERENT
AS NIGHT AND...
LATER THAT NIGHT.
WELL, I AM GOING
TO GET A BEVERAGE.
IT WAS NICE MEETING YOU.
DITTO.
I, UH, WELL, I MET RUSS.
OH.
HEY, I DIDN'T KNOW
WE WERE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE.
WELL, WE'RE NOT
SEEING EACH OTHER, SO...
WELL, FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
THERE'S A WOMAN AT THE MUSEUM
WHO'S CURATOR OF MOTHS
AND OTHER, UH...
WINGED THINGS
WHO'S, UH...
LET IT BE KNOWN
THAT SHE IS DRAWN TO ME
MUCH LIKE A...
WELL, YOU KNOW.
WELL, SO FAR I'VE BEEN
KEEPING HER AT BAY
BUT IF THIS IS
THE DEAL, THEN...
WELL, YEAH, THIS IS THE DEAL.
OKAY, WELL,
HAVE A NICE EVENING.
THANK YOU.
RUSS, YOU READY?
YEAH.
BYE.
SHE'S DATING?
YES. YES, BUT DID YOU
SEE WHO SHE WAS DATING?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
DO YOU NOT SEE IT?
SEE WHAT? I DON'T KNOW WHAT
SHE SEES IN... THAT GOOBER.
AND IT...
AND IT TAKES HIM, WHAT?
LIKE, LIKE, I DON'T KNOW,
UH, UH, HELLO
A WEEK TO GET OUT
A SENTENCE?
YEAH, IT'S ANNOYING,
ISN'T IT?
YEAH.
HEY.
WHOA. SO I'M GUESSING
YOU DIDN'T GET THE PART.
OR ITALY CALLED AND SAID
IT WAS HUNGRY.
THE PART'S MINE
IF I WANT IT.
OH, MY GOD!
YEAH, IF I'M WILLING TO
SLEEP WITH THE CASTING LADY.
OH, MY...
GOD?
TEN YEARS I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR A BREAK LIKE THIS, CHANDLER.
TEN YEARS.
I MEAN, DAYS OF OUR LIVES--
THAT'S ACTUALLY
ON TELEVISION.
SO WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO DO?
I GUESS I COULD
SLEEP WITH HER.
BUT HOW CAN I DO THAT?
I'VE GOT A POP-UP BOOK
THAT TOLD ME EVERYTHING
I NEED TO KNOW.
I'VE NEVER SLEPT WITH
SOMEONE FOR A PART.
WELL, IS SHE..?
SORRY.
IS SHE GOOD-LOOKING?
YEAH, SHE'S TOTALLY
GOOD-LOOKING.
IF I MET HER
IN A BAR OR SOMETHING
I'D BE BUYING HER BREAKFAST.
YOU KNOW, AFTER HAVING
SLEPT WITH HER.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE THIS
ISN'T SUCH A BIG DEAL.
THE WAY THAT I SEE IT
IS YOU GET A GREAT JOB
AND YOU GET TO HAVE SEX.
THROW IN A TREE
AND A FAT GUY
AND YOU'VE GOT
CHRISTMAS.
I JUST DON'T THINK
THAT I WANT IT THAT
WAY THOUGH, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, LET'S SAY
I DO MAKE IT.
I'M ALWAYS GOING
TO LOOK BACK AND WONDER
IF IT WAS BECAUSE
OF MY TALENT
OR BECAUSE OF, YOU KNOW...
THE LITTLE GENERAL.
DIDN'T YOU USED TO CALL IT
THE "LITTLE MAJOR"?
YEAH, BUT AFTER DENISE DiMARCO,
I HAD TO PROMOTE IT.
CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING FROM THE BAR?
YES, I WOULD LIKE
SOMETHING.
NO. NO, THANK YOU.
IF YOU WANT A DRINK,
IT'S OKAY WITH ME.
I'VE GOT TO GET USED TO IT.
NO, REALLY, I WOULDN'T
FEEL RIGHT ABOUT IT.
JUST SOME WATER.
SO THE LIGHT WENT OUT
IN MY REFRIGERATOR--
I'D LIKE A SCOTCH ON
THE ROCKS WITH A TWIST.
HEY, WE'RE HAVING SOME
FUN NOW, HUH, ROSS?
WANT TO DO
ANOTHER ONE, HUH, RUSS?
OKAY, 11 LETTERS.
"ATOMIC ELEMENT NUMBER 101."
ENDS IN "IUM".
DYSPROSIUM?
TRY MENDELEVIUM.
AND WEENIE
NUMBER TWO HAS IT.
UNLESS, OF COURSE, NINE DOWN--
"KNIGHTS IN WHITE SATIN"
WAS SUNG BY THE DOODY BLUES.
YOU DON'T SEE IT?
YOU ACTUALLY DON'T SEE IT?
WHAT?
HONEY,
YOU'RE DATING ROSS.
NO, PHEEBS, I'M DATING RUSS.
RUSS IS ROSS.
RUSS, ROSS.
STEVE, SLEEVE.
OKAY, NO ONE
IS NAMED SLEEVE.
PHOEBE, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
OTHER THAN THEIR NAMES
BEING SIMILAR
I'M SORRY, I DO NOT SEE
WHAT YOU'RE SEEING.
FOR YOUR INFORMATION
IT'S A CARD SHARP,
NOT A CARD SHARK.
YOU COULD NOT BE MORE WRONG.
YOU COULD TRY, BUT YOU
WOULD NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO GET
SOME MORE COFFEE
BEFORE THE PINCHING
AND EYE POKING BEGINS.
I KNOW WHAT YOUR PROBLEM IS.
OH, YOU DO, DO YOU?
MM-HM. YOU'RE JEALOUS.
UH... OF WHAT?
YOU'RE JEALOUS
BECAUSE I'M A REAL DOCTOR.
HEY, YOU'RE A DOCTOR OF GUMS.
THAT'S THE SMALLEST BODY PART
YOU CAN MAJOR IN.
IT'S LIKE,
DAY ONE: FLOSS.
DAY TWO: HERE'S YOUR DIPLOMA.
NOW YOU LISTEN...
NO, NO, LET ME FINISH.
NO, LET ME FINISH.
NO, YOU LET ME FIN--
HI.
EW.
EW, EW, EW, EW,
EW, EW, EW...
DID JOEY SAY WHAT
HE WAS GOING TO DO WHEN HE LEFT?
NO. I DON'T EVEN
THINK HE KNEW.
HEY, WOULD YOU SLEEP WITH
SOMEBODY TO GET A GREAT JOB?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHO WOULD I HAVE TO SLEEP WITH?
ME.
WHY WOULD I HAVE
TO SLEEP WITH YOU?
IT'S MY GAME.
YOU WANT THE JOB, OR NOT?
HI.
HEY.
MORNING.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
BOBBY AND I ARE GOING
AWAY FOR THE WEEKEND, REMEMBER?
WHAT'S ALL THE BOTTLES
OF LIQUOR?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IS BOBBY DRINKING AGAIN?
NO, THIS IS NOT FOR HIM;
THIS IS FOR ME.
THAT WAY HE'S STILL SOBER,
BUT I FIND HIS STORIES
ABOUT SHOELACES
MUCH MORE AMUSING.
( three slow knocks )
GOD, EVEN HIS KNOCK IS BORING.
HI. I'LL BE READY
IN JUST A SECOND.
COULD I TALK TO YOU
A MINUTE?
SURE.
THIS IS REALLY HARD
FOR ME TO SAY.
OH, GOD! YOU FELL
OFF THE WAGON.
NO, NO.
IT'S ABOUT YOU.
WHAT ABOUT ME?
I THINK YOU MAY HAVE
A DRINKING PROBLEM.
WHAT? THESE?
NO, THESE ARE, UM...
FOR CUTS AND SCRAPES.
LOOK, I AM JUST NOT
STRONG ENOUGH
TO BE IN A CO-DEPENDENT
RELATIONSHIP RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
OH, SHOOT.
WELL, ANYWAY, I HOPE
WE CAN BE FRIENDS.
OKAY.
TAKE CARE.
OKAY, YOU TOO.
BYE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, WE KIND OF BROKE UP.
All:
OH...
DOES ANYBODY WANT THESE?
I'LL TAKE ONE.
SOMETIMES I LIKE TO HOLD
STUFF LIKE THIS AND PRETEND
I'M A GIANT.
HEY.
HOW'D THE CALLBACK GO?
IT WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
I WALKED IN THERE,
AND SHE WAS ALL OVER ME.
SO, WHAT'D YOU DO?
I COULDN'T DO IT.
I TOLD HER I DIDN'T WANT
TO GET THE PART THAT WAY.
GOOD FOR YOU.
BUT WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
BUT THEN AFTER I LEFT
HER OFFICE
SHE CAUGHT UP
WITH ME AT THE ELEVATOR
AND OFFERED ME AN EVEN
BIGGER PART.
SO, AND?
SO, YOU ARE NOW LOOKING
AT DR. DRAKE RAMORAY,
NEUROSURGEON
RECURRING IN AT LEAST
FOUR EPISODES!
( cheering )
ALL RIGHT, I GOT TO GO SHOWER.
HI.
OH, HEY.
I GUESS YOU GUYS HEARD
RACHEL DUMPED ME.
YEAH,
I'M SORRY, MAN.
ALL SHE SAID WAS I REMIND
HER TOO MUCH OF SOMEBODY.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHO SHE'S TALKING ABOUT?
UM... OH, I DO.
IT'S BOB SAGET.
SHE HATES HIM.
HEY.
HEY, JULIE.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S DEFINITELY WEIRD
NOT BEING WITH ROSS
BUT I GUESS
I'M DOING OKAY.
ACTUALLY, I'VE GOT
SOME OF HIS STUFF THAT HE...